OSDOCS-16037 added metrics and log level assemblies and modules (#98474)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/external-secrets-enable-metrics.adoc

* You have enabled the user workload monitoring.

.Procedure

. Create the `ClusterRoleBinding` resource required for granting permissions to access metrics:

.. Create the `clusterrolebinding-external-secrets.yaml` YAML file:
+
The following example shows a `cluserrolebinding-external-secrets.yaml` file.

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  labels:
    app: external-secrets
  name: external-secrets-allow-metrics-access
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: external-secrets-operator-metrics-reader
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: external-secrets
    namespace: external-secrets
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: external-secrets-cert-controller
    namespace: external-secrets
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: external-secrets-webhook
    namespace: external-secrets
----

.. Create the `ClusterRoldeBinding` custom resource by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f clusterrolebinding-external-secrets.yaml
----

. Create the `ServiceMonitor` CR:

.. Create the `servicemonitor-external-secrets.yaml` YAML file:
+
[source,yaml]
----

> apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1
> kind: ServiceMonitor
> metadata:
>   labels:
>     app: external-secrets
>     app.kubernetes.io/instance: external-secrets
>     app.kubernetes.io/name: external-secrets
>   name: external-secrets
>   namespace: external-secrets
> spec:
>   endpoints:
>     - honorLabels: false
>       interval: 60s
>       path: /metrics
>       scrapeTimeout: 30s
>       targetPort: 9402
>   selector:
>     matchExpressions:
>       - key: app.kubernetes.io/name
>         operator: In
>         values:
>           - cainjector
>           - external-secrets
>           - webhook
>       - key: app.kubernetes.io/instance
>         operator: In
>         values:
>           - external-secrets
>       - key: app.kubernetes.io/component
>         operator: In
>         values:
>           - cainjector
>           - controller
>           - webhook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1
kind: ServiceMonitor
metadata:
  labels:
    app: external-secrets
  name: external-secrets-metrics-monitor
  namespace: external-secrets
spec:
  endpoints:
    - interval: 60s
      path: /metrics
      port: metrics
      scheme: http
      scrapeTimeout: 30s
  namespaceSelector:
    matchNames:
      - external-secrets
  selector:
    matchExpressions:
      - key: app.kubernetes.io/name
        operator: In
        values:
          - external-secrets
          - external-secrets-cert-controller
          - external-secrets-webhook
      - key: app.kubernetes.io/instance
        operator: In
        values:
          - external-secrets
      - key: app.kubernetes.io/managed-by
        operator: In
        values:
          - external-secrets-operator
```
